readme.md, before:

# Visualising Fitts' Law with D3

Fitts's Law is one of the corner stones of user interface research. Published in 1954, Fitts described the relation between the target distance, width and time needed of a target acquisation task, which later became known as Fitts' law [Fitts 1954].

This interactive illustration of the Fitts' test should serve as an introduction to Fitts' law as well as visualise details not directly covered by it, to give further insights into motion in 2D target acquisition tasks.


# License
This project is licensed under the MIT license, used libraries might have their own licenses.

Copyright (c) 2012 Simon Wallner, Jesper Tved

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

spell checking courtesy of Vicki Brown and Rich Morin

readme.md, after:

# Visualising Fitts' Law with D3

Fitts's Law is one of the corner stones of user interface research. Published in 1954, Fitts described the relation between the target distance, width and time needed of a target acquisation task, which later became known as Fitts' law [Fitts 1954].

This interactive illustration of the Fitts' test should serve as an introduction to Fitts' law as well as visualise details not directly covered by it, to give further insights into motion in 2D target acquisition tasks.

# Contributors
This project was originally created for the User Interface Technology course at the University of Copenhagen in 2012.

Additional spell checking by Vicki Brown and Rich Morin in 2015

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT license, used libraries might have their own licenses.

Copyright (c) 2012 Simon Wallner, Jesper Tved

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
